SMQTK v0.15.0 Release Notes
===========================

This is the initial release of ``smqtk-descriptor``, spinning off from
v0.14.0 of the monolithic `SMQTK`_ library.

.. _smqtk: https://github.com/kitware/smqtk


Updates / New Features
----------------------

CI

* Added actions workflow for CI on GitHub.

Misc.

* Updated various type annotations for type-checking compliance.

* Updated to use now publicly available ``smqtk-dataprovider`` package from
  PYPI.


Fixes
-----

CI

* Fix other LGTM warnings.

Descriptor Element

* Removed old ``elements_to_matrix`` utility function, replacing it's use with
  the appropriate invocation of :func:`smqtk.utils.parallel.parallel_map`.

Descriptor Set

* Memory

  * Fixed issue with iter* methods not returning *Iterator* types, which
    specifically caused an issue with `iterdescriptors` as it is used in the
    parent-class definition of ``__iter__``, which requires that an
    iterator-type be returned.

Misc.

* Fixed issue with packages specifier in ``setup.py`` where it was only
  excluding the top-level ``tests`` module but including the rest. Fixed to
  only explicitly include the ``smqtk_descriptors`` package and submodules.

* Fixed issues with type checking mypy tests exposed with more strict settings.

Utilities

* Parallel

  * Fix :class:`smqtk_descriptors.util.parallel._Worker` definition of
    :func:`._Worker._make_event` to a class method instead of an instance
    method.

  * Fix overly broad ``BaseException`` catches that didn't re-raise to more
    specifically handle ``Exception`` and ``KeyboardInterrupt`` classes.
